What about that woman?
Ogawa's allergies are cured
What about the doctor aunt?
The doctor's aunt is off work.
Ok daddy
I like this toy car
Can you buy me 4 more?
I want to share it with my brothers and sisters
Buy 4 more.
You want 5 identical toys.
The five treasures are divided into lamps, and the five grains are not abundant
Did you learn idioms?
OK, I'll buy it for you.
Thank you. Don't forget to send me to school every day. Okay.
All right.
Remember to drink plenty of water when you go to school
Do you hear me?
Mom, you are optimistic, mommy.
Four treasures and five treasures. If you don't drink water, you will get sick. Okay?
Go ahead.
elder sister
The doctor aunt is here
I'm going to school.
Doctor
How can a doctor afford to drive such a nice car?
Desert Vanity Woman
The woman five years ago must not have been her